Summer flame, don't do this
Summer flame, let go
Xia Xiner, are you crazy?
Don't look what this place is
Why didn't you succeed in prison last time?
I want a second time
Summer is all because of you
But now you want to divorce me
So you sold me to Mr. Li
Why don't you go and ask?
Let's see if Mr. Li is still in Jiangcheng.
Summer flame
Don't you just rely on the courtyard behind you?
You seduce your brother-in-law
Are you shameless?
Everyone, come and see!
This woman not only seduced her brother-in-law
And I lost my son
He is a mistress
Shut up, Little Seven, he's obviously my son
Xia Ruyuan, how dare you hit me?
Hit you what's wrong
Yaxin, you are enough
Wishing is not like that
It's all about this woman
I know in my heart whether he did it or not.
But you are the company
Do you want Lu Enterprises to become a hot search tomorrow?
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Here we go.
Summer flame, wait for me